I just like to say hello to all the
glitterati as I call the intakes to
friends thank you so much all your love
and support are making me feel so
welcome we've absolutely loved doing the
show every night for you hope you
enjoyed the final boss mix smashing and
all that is left for you say is have a
very Merry Christmas Happy New hello
everybody watches it takes to hope
you'll have a very very Merry Christmas
thank you so much for the support you've
given Harry over the last couple of
months yeah have a great christmas and a
safe new year see you soon hi Vernon Kay
wishing all the fans of it takes to a
very very happy Christmas and a joyful
new year to all the viewers if it takes
to have a fantastic christmas have a
great merry Christmas from me to you
because it takes to just what did it
takes to I would very much like wish
everybody it takes two very happy
Christmas and a very very happy new year
hi there all of you who watch it takes
to Merry Christmas i'm daniel o'donnell
have a good one for all the viewers of
it takes to i will wish you a very Merry
Christmas and hopefully a happy new year
hello might take to us I just want to
wish you a very Merry Christmas
happy Christmas all the lovely it takes
two fewer than two three four